Intro:
	What is it
	When was it
	How was it

	I believe Analysis Text A to be the written notes for, or transcription of, an Ancient
	Roman Philosopher's speech about the nature of the Heavens written at the start of the 
	fall of the Roman Republic. I arrived at this conclusion incrementally, collection more
	information with repeated analyses. First I  established a likely time period based on 
	connections made and language used within the piece and generated several possibilities
	based on the time period and structure of the piece, then I gradually eliminated scenarios
	using the structure of Analysis Text A and my existing knowledge.
	
	When is it?
		My preferred method to narrow down a likely time period for this piece was to establish
		as tight an upper and lower bound as possible. Starting with the upper bound, the most 
		precise date information I could find was in repeated references to earlier works, such 
		as the philosohical god "the Good" described in Plato's Res Publica and the "Fifth 
		Substance" originating in Plato's Timaeus, works written in 380 and 360 BCE respectively.
		With the upper bound set at around 360 BCE, the next task was to establish a likely lower
		bound without the crutch of other references to rely upon, which led me to analyze the 
		language used. In the opening paragraph, the author writes, "... I am a Follower of King 
		Helios. And of this fact I possess within myself alone, proofs more certain than I can give.
		But this at least I am permitted to say without sacrilege, ..." This line tells us two things, 
		first that this likely takes before Rome's conversion to Christianity was finalized 
		by the Edict of Thessalonica around 380 CE as after the Edict came worship of the traditional
		Roman gods was outlawed. After the edict, this text would have been easily recognizable as 
		sacrilege, negates the phrase, "...without sacrilege.." In addition, 
		
	
	
		Outlawed 392 == More likely to be full on sacrilegious
		
		
Body:
	What is it?
		Structure
		Connections
		Why?
	When was it?
		Connections (ref)
		Language
		Why?
	How was it?
		Structure (ref)
		Exist
		Why?
		
Conc:
	What is it
	When was it
	How was it 