A
What sort of text or object is it? 
	It's not a confession, per say, but the author is explaining what they beliefs, 
	why they believe it. Specifically they describe the various reasons they believe 
	King Helios to be the greatest, and why they see fit to dedicate themself to
	King Helios.	
		
		This is also strange because people weren't really "followers" of a specific god
		for the most part. Due to the communal nature of religion, people
		really just worshiped the gods as a whole. Exceptions to this could be 
		figures such as the Vestal Virgins or priests of a specific god, 
		however the priesthood was more of a public office than answering a higher calling 
		as the author implies.
		
What time period does it seem to belong to? 
	Came after Plato, during a time when their message could be considered sacrilegious.
		"Whenever I walked abroad in the night season"
		"Abandoned all else without exception"
		Think of Mystery Religions, night seen as encouraging bad behaviour, 
			removing inhibitions. Refer to story of mother and son, terrible group
	
		No reference to Christian God, many references to Plato's "Good"
			Takes place at least after 380 BCE, when Plato's Republic was published
		Says "Plato Believed," implying he'd dead, which puts this after 340 BCE
	
Where might it have been found? 
	My first instinct was that this would have been found in the private home of the author, 
	an instinct supported by the seemingly taboo nature of the text and the very personal
	tone of the piece. After reading it through a couple more times however, the particular 
	wording of the first sentences stuck with me. "" 
	
Who might have used it? 

What did they use it for? 

What does it tell us about religion in the Roman world?
	
What is this text?
	I believe this text to be the personal thoughts of a Roman Citizen regarding their 
	personal faith, and why their faith is more "correct" than that of the general 
	populus. 
	
Why do I believe that?
	The "author", in quotations because this may just as easily have been a transcription of
	their words as a solely written work, first attempts to impress upon the reader/audience 
	the importance of the following information, and the extent of their faith. The first 
	line literally says that they are about to say something they "consider to be of the 
	greatest importance to all things that breathe and move upon the earth," yet continues
	saying that they cannot reveal all of their proof without the worry of sacrilege.
	